Sanity checks for V2X SCMS:
1. Bootstrapping (Enrollment Certificate Provisioning)
    1.1. OBE gets enrollment certificate from SCMS
    1.2. OBE gets ECA certificate from SCMS
    1.3. OBE gets RA certificate from SCMS
    1.4. ATK gets enrollment certificate from SCMS (is there some kind of OBE id? YES)(Rebootstrap only possible solution)
    1.5. ATK gets many enrollment certificates from SCMS !!! (fattibile ma il sistema non controlla gli id!)
    1.6. Revocation of ECA (requires electors)(che non sono modellati, quindi nulla)
OK 


2. Pseudonym Certificate Provisioning
    2.1. Verify that the SCMS is able to provision the V2X devices with the necessary certificates.
    2.2. Verify that the SCMS is able to revoke the pseudonym certificates of the V2X devices. (check CRL implementation for linkage values)
    2.3. attacker tries to get pseudonym certificate from SCMS, even if in CRL (enrollment cert. is in CRL)
    2.4. RA tries to read Pseudonym cert. (relay PCA->OBE)
    2.5. OBE correctly reads Pseudonym cert.
    2.6. PCA does not know pseudo. cert. recipient.
    2.7. LA should not be able to track devices
    2.8. OBE sends certificate request (butterfly seeds)
    2.9. OBE sends certificate request (butterfly seeds) with wrong signature
    2.10. OBE sends certificate request (butterfly seeds) with revoked ECA certificate

3. Misbehavior reporting (PROVARE A SEPARARE LE FASI!)
    3.1. MA publishes linkage values (revocation of future pseudonym certificates)
    3.2. OBEs send Misbehavior reports to MA (via RA)
    3.3. Check correct CRL information is created

4. Revocation
    4.1. Verify that the SCMS is able to revoke the pseudo certificates of the V2X devices.
    4.2. Verify that the SCMS is able to blacklist the enrollment certificates of the V2X devices.
    4.3. backwards privacy of revoked pseudonym certificates is maintained

5. Normal operations
    5.1. OBE messages correctly signed(hash(msg+cert))
    5.2. OBE messages discarded if pseudonym certificate is revoked
    5.3. OBE messages revoked if PCA revoked

-CONTROLLARE REACHABILITY con modifica LA

IMPLEMENTED checks
rename time!!!




RESULTS

